//Xavier Briggs
//Report.txt
//March 25, 2024

User Perspective: 
From the user perspective the program begins by prompting the user to input the name of the file they want to be read. 
If the file can be found the program will display the startup menu. If it can not be found the user will be prompted to enter
their file name again, until a file is found. The startup menu contains four choices, these choices are to list a states info
based on an inputted abbrevation, list the capital of a state based on its name, list states after a user inputted char, and 
list the first state that joined in a given year. For each of these choices the user selects them with a num and then follows the directions
on screen. Each of these options will re prompt the menu if the user inputs something not valid. To exit the progam the user enters 
the exit choices

Programmers Perspective; 
From the programmers perspective the program is split into three main files, the main file, functions file, and header file. The header
file is where the function prototypes as well as the struct definition to hold state info are. In the main file the program creates an 
array of structs to hold the information of each state it then prompts the user to enter their file name and attempts to open it. It uses 
a while loop and if statements to keep looping this as long as the user inputted file can not be found. When the file is found it calls 
the readfile function and display menu function to start the program. Inside the display menu function there is a while loop that prompts 
the user for a choice and then calls the needed function based on thatchoice. The functions file contains each of the functions inside the
choices and takes advantage of for loops to loop through all of the states and return either the desired index or display the desired state.
The display menu function is then re-prompted until the user selects the exit case. 

Verification: 
To verify that the program was correct I tested each choice and function individually to make sure that I was getting the desired output. 
After I was done verifying the results of one choice by cross-checking it with writing out the answer by hand I then moved on to the next one. 
I repeated this step until my progam was finished. 
